[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now, you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy, a boy
whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew arrive
on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones,
and assisted Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It's not long before
the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict,
and find themselves in the
midst of an all-out war!
[HORDY]
Perhaps.
But even if you could stop it,
you would still have to
go through me first.
And if memory serves,
that didn't work out
so well last time.
[laughs]
[FUKABOSHI]
Hordy, what's happened to you?
There're people living
in the Fishman District
who were once your allies!
What you're doing doesn't
benefit anyone--not even you!
Why can't you see that, Hordy?!
Is there something I don't know?
Or is your hatred so deep
that you've abandoned your
sense of reason entirely?
Tell me the cause
of this madness!
Did humans attack you?
Did they torment you
in some untold manner?
Did they kill your friends?
Did they hurt your family?
Did they take something
you hold dear?
Answer me, dammit!
What did humans do to you
that was so unforgivable?
Why? What in this world
could inspire such cruelty?
[inaudible]
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
This is the Air Tank.
We've met before, remember?
Oh. Yeah, hey, guys.
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
We've been listening
to what's happening out there.
And we can see the Noah
hurtling toward the island.
We've begun making the
preparations as we've discussed.
Don't make it more complicated.
Just go for it, okay?
And, Luffy? Everyone here
is counting on you.
[FUKABOSHI]
Can you hear me, Straw Hat?
[roaring]
[FUKABOSHI]
Please, listen.
He spoke earlier, and--
[FUKABOSHI]
It's clear now. Hordy is--
[yelling]
Hordy.
[laughing]
[LUFFY] "A Shocking Fact!
The True Identity of Hordy!"
[NARRATOR]
Earlier that day,
before the Noah began
its descent on the island.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[WADATSUMI yells]
[WADATSUMI]
Ow, my knee!
You jerk!
You've really made me
mad, you know that?!
[yells]
This is what you get!
Intimidation... Mega Monk!
[WADATSUMI yells]
C'mon, he was big
enough already!
Am I supposed to be impressed?
[laughing]
[WADATSUMI]
Well, you're surprised, right?
I'm a tiger blowfish
Fishman. Scary, huh?
Not really.
Kinda curious why you're
talkin' like that, though.
'Cause I'll deflate if I keep
my mouth open, you idiot!
The kraken is still
way bigger than you.
[WADATSUMI]
Oh, yeah?
Fine, then how 'bout this?
Blowfish!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE P]
This is so annoying!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE Q]
Don't crush me, dammit!
Stop it, Wadatsumi!
We're on your side!
You're squashing all of us!
[SANJI] Still a shrimp
compared to the kraken.
Impossible! Well, how's this?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE R]
Enough, you moron!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
We have come, Your Majesty!
Are you all right down there?
I'm so sorry, my king.
We should've been able to
protect you and we failed.
We're pathetic,
worthless vassals!
[NEPTUNE]
Never mind that.
More importantly,
did you see the Noah?
Yes.
[NEPTUNE] Tragic that it's been
moved under such circumstances.
Curse you, Decken.
I never thought you
would sink so low
as to destroy your own island.
And your own people.
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Trust me, Your Majesty,
we were just as
shocked as you were.
We even tried to order
an island-wide evacuation.
But those New Fishman
Pirate bastards
are blocking any transmission.
Even worse, we haven't
been able to make contact
with the border
guards out at sea.
[ringing]
[AMMO KNIGHT B]
Prepare to shoot the bubble now!
[AMMO KNIGHT C]
Hurry!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
See? They won't pick up!
You need to get the king out
of here and someplace safe now!
[NEPTUNE]
No.
I'm waiting right here
for the princes.
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT sighs]
What in blazes?
Someone explain this.
What's happening?
Like for starters, where did all
these damn pirates come from?
[FISHMAN N]
Well, sir...
[inaudible]
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
The Straw Hats are on our side?
Jimbei!
And the princess?
Hordy. Decken.
So that's what happened.
All right, men.
Everything is clear to me now.
All of you, to the plaza!
Follow Jimbei.
Back up the Straw Hats!
If the Straw Hats can handle
the more powerful fighters,
our men can supress the others.
It's insane.
We tried to arrest them,
yet they're fighting
to save our island.
We should be ashamed
for not trusting them.
It's time to make things right
and give them our support!
[AMMO KNIGHTS]
Sir!
Great, it's Neptune's Army.
Hey, no big deal.
We can crush 'em.
Kill them all!
Stand tall, and show these
bastards what we're made of!
[SLAVE A yells]
Why the hell is
a human fighting us?
[HAMMOND]
Move, slaves! Attack!
Get out there and fight for us,
unless you wanna die!
Ha!
[AMMO KNIGHTS scream]
[HAMMOND laughs]
Hurry up! March, Slave Tank!
Turn right and head that way!
Whoopsie!
Worthless klutz!
Just drag the bastard!
Look at that pathetic flesh bag.
Replace him! C'mon!
[HAMMOND laughs]
That's truly disgusting.
They all reek of hypocricy.
Nico Robin.
[ROBIN]
Hm?
Could you perhaps use your
power to free those slaves?
Really? Are you
sure that's wise?
They won't care for Fishmen.
I'll knock them unconscious
if they try to take their
grudge out on me.
Because the life that
they're living right now,
they're even lower than beasts.
This behavior was learned
from the Celestial Dragons.
I won't stand for it.
All right. Count on me.
Thank you.
Let's go! Pick up
the pace, you trash!
[HAMMOND laughing]
Dammit! Die already!
All our collars, they came off!
Hey! What's the deal here?
The hell? Who's taking the
collars off of the slaves?
Hey, woman. You're a
Straw Hat, aren't ya?
Turn around and face me
when I'm talkin' to you!
What the hell is wrong
with you worthless slaves?
We're free.
Was it you?
Why save us when we were
fighting against you?
I can't say no to
a handsome man.
In other words,
thank Boss Jimbei.
Jimbei? But--
How dare you! They're mine!
Trawl Net!
[HAMMOND laughs]
Let's put you in chains!
[gasps]
Cuerpo Fleurs!
What the hell?
This is getting weird.
No! Cut that out!
Just relax.
This won't take long.
Let go!
Hang on, how are
there two of you?
Double... Clutch!
[HAMMOND groaning]
She got Hammond!
We'll teach her!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
Thanks a whole lot
for the help, lady.
You bastards treated
us like trash.
I'm gonna pay ya back
for every beating you
gave me, and then some!
The enemy just freed
all our slaves!
It's a revolt!
[SLAVES yell]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B]
Ca-click.
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
This is the border guard
patrol calling, sir.
Have I reached the
Minister of the Left?
You have.
I've been frantically trying to
call you over and over again,
why didn't you pick up?
[AMMO KNIGHT A] I don't
mean to be insolent, sir,
but I'm afraid there's no
time for me to explain
with our situation.
Please, you need to warn
the whole kingdom.
It's the Noah, sir.
We've just been informed
it's lost power.
As a result, it's
begun falling again,
and it's hurtling
towards the island!
Surely not!
[NEPTUNE]
What could this mean?
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Where are you calling from?
[AMMO KNIGHT A] The Air Tank,
sir. From the control tower.
That's good.
That means you can warn everyone
about the impending danger.
All our communication
centers are down.
But you can help.
You can contact the state-
operated Transponder Snails
all across the country.
Please, hurry!
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Yes, sir!
[sirens wailing]
[AMMO KNIGHT A] This is an
emergency announcement
to all citizens of
the Ryugu Kingdom.
An evacuation has been issued.
The giant ship known as the Noah
is falling towards
Fishman Island.
Everyone must flee
the area immediately.
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
I repeat, the Noah is descending
on the island!
Everyone must flee immediately,
or face certain destruction!
Is this for real?
Look up there!
[FISHMAN O]
The Noah. You can see it!
[FISHMAN P]
Is Decken behind this?
What, are you really
that surprised?
That damn creepy stalker.
I can't believe he
would go this far!
[FISHMAN Q]
The bubble's gonna break!
[MERMAID D]
The island will be destroyed!
Keep running! Just
forget about your stuff!
[FISHWOMAN A]
But--
[FISHMAN R]
Get out to sea, quick!
[FISHMAN E] Everybody, move it!
The Noah's coming!
Did something bad happen?
I heard the princess was drawing
the ship away from the island.
Yeah, I'm worried about her.
We can't just swim off
and abandon her now!
What about the Noah crashing
into the island do you not get?
I just--
[FISHMAN E]
Do you guys really wanna waste
the princess's effort by
staying here and dying?
[MERMAN B]
We have to leave the island!
[MERMAN C]
To the sea!
[MERMAN D]
C'mon! Hurry!
Aw, jeez! That thing's
falling again?
Damn. You better fix
this mess quick, Luffy!
Something must have happened
to Princess Shirahoshi.
What's Decken trying to pull?
That crazy son of a bitch.
We've got no choice but to run.
That ship will kill us all.
You can leave Hordy
and his associates to us.
All of you citizens are
ordered to flee the island.
Now get going!
What's wrong with
you? I said go!
[KIDS]
No way!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Wait, what?
Women and children especially.
C'mon! Move it!
[KIDS]
We told you no!
The Straw Hats may be a
bunch of human pirates,
but they're all down there
fighting to save our island!
We can't just run away
and let them die
when they're trying to help us!
He's right!
We asked them to help us
and I'm not gonna turn
my back on them!
I can't fight with 'em,
but I won't leave them
here to die and run away!
Yes, exactly!
It's the least we can do!
Quiet, all of you!
Listen up.
I'm assigning you a duty.
Tell every other spectator they
need to evacuate right now!
If you're gonna stay, then save
the others while you're here!
Is that understood?
I don't have time to
argue with you about it,
so if you wanna stay
behind, suit yourself.
All right, outlaws,
time to face my wrath!
[speakers humming]
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Is this Straw Hat Luffy?
All right. It's the Air Tank.
We've met once before, remember?
What is this? They're
broadcasting to the pirates?
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
We've heard everything.
We are prepared to take action.
We can see the Noah hurtling
toward the island as we speak.
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Huh?
[SHIRAHOSHI] Oh, Luffy.
I don't know what to do!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Do you hear those fools?
They're broadcasting
their conversation
across the entire country.
[LUFFY]
Hey, guys.
What do we need to do to
get a little air from you?
[AMMO KNIGHT A] We can shoot out
all the air in the Air Tank.
If we create a big
bubble and shoot it,
maybe it'll surround the Noah.
[NEPTUNE]
Shirahoshi. Straw Hat.
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
I'm afraid that's all we can do.
After we deploy the bubble,
the rest is up to you.
[LUFFY]
Don't make it more complicated.
Just go for it, okay?
Luffy's still all right.
Thank goodness.
He sounds as optimistic as ever.
Hey. C'mon, it's Luffy
we're talkin' about--
I knew he'd be okay.
I don't understand
what's going on.
What is he doing here?
And more than that, what's
the princess doing with him?
Yeah, the Straw Hat guy is the
one who kidnapped her, right?
He's a human.
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
And, Luffy,
everyone here is
counting on you.
Anyone else confused
why the border guard's
asking a human pirate
to save the island?
Hold on, does this mean that
the human is on board the Noah?
So is he trying to stop it?
[FUKABOSHI]
Can you hear me, Straw Hat?
What? Prince Fukaboshi!
He spoke earlier, and--
[FUKABOSHI]
It's clear now. Hordy is--
[laughing]
Keep talking!
Just tell us what
Hordy is already!
He's not a Fishman.
He's a monster brought
to life by our hatred.
Their hatred?
What is he talking about?
[FUKABOSHI]
The New Fishman Pirates,
they're nothing but remnants
of a grudge from ages past.
[laughs]
[FUKABOSHI]
We allowed their evil to fester
in the shadow of Fishman Island.
And they began to champion
this meaningless grudge.
Flying its flag in some
misguided sense of pride.
They fear a future without it.
In truth, they want
humans to be evil.
Otherwise, there is no reason
to justify their crusade.
All they desire is bloodshed.
And despite what they say,
they don't want peace
for Fishmen either!
[screams]
[FUKABOSHI]
Answer me, dammit!
What did humans do to you
that was so unforgivable?
Why? What in this world
could inspire such cruelty?
Not one damn thing.
[gasps]
[FUKABOSHI]
That? That's your answer?
The simple truth? We were chosen
by heaven to punish the humans.
That is our purpose.
[HORDY]
And we have the power to do so.
[FUKABOSHI]
I understand now.
This sick and pathetic truth.
All of their fury, their hatred,
it doesn't come from
experience or logic or fact.
[laughs]
[FUKABOSHI]
They have no substance.
Just empty cruelty!
[NARRATOR]
Hordy's hatred runs wild
as Luffy continues to struggle
in his undersea battle.
A single shot of air
fired from Fisman Island
is Luffy's only hope.
Yet, even if the oxygen
on the Noah is restored
and Hordy defeated, the ship
itself could doom the island.
Luffy vows to save
the Fishmen below,
but their lives may
never be the same.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Back to Zero!
Earnest Wishes for Luffy!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!